Update docs for API key functionality (#433)
astronomer/docs: astro/api-keys.md

A Deployment API key has the following properties:

> - It can deploy code to Astro (customizable permissions coming soon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It can be used to deploy code to Astro via [CI/CD](ci-cd.md).
```

> - Its key ID and secret are valid indefinitely and can be used to fetch a short-lived access token that assumes the permissions of the Deployment API key. This access token is required by the Astro API to complete the deploy code process. For more information on using this token, read [Refresh Access Token](api-keys#refresh-access-token).

Reviewer: Should we delete this, or reframe so that it's Airflow API specific only?

> Its key ID and secret are valid indefinitely and can be used to fetch a short-lived access token that assumes the permissions of the Deployment API key. This access token can be used to make requests to the [Airflow REST API](airflow-api.md).

Author: Just removing the first bit, since that's repetitive of an earlier point.

> - Its key ID and secret are valid indefinitely and can be used to access Deployments without additional authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
- Its key ID and secret are valid indefinitely and can be used to access Deployments without manual authentication.
```

- It is deleted permanently if its corresponding Deployment is deleted.

> This guide provides steps for creating and deleting Deployment API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides steps for creating and deleting Deployment API keys. Customizable permissions coming soon.
```

Author: Realizing this is duplicative of the intro sentence , but also I think any sort of "coming soon" statement would be better suited in the bulleted list.

:::

> ## Using Deployment API Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Deployment API Keys in Astro CLI
```

I'm a little hesitant to title this header as a general "using Deployment API Keys" since the two primary use cases we've laid out already have their own docs.

I'm thinking either we -
- Make this section specific to Astro CLI and not try to keep it as an umbrella OR
- We don't add anything here and instead create a `Deploy via CLI with Deployment API Key` to the bottom of our [Deploy Code doc](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code#step-1-authenticate-to-astro)

This is really the content that's missing and I'm not sure this doc is actually the best place for it. @jwitz @sunkickr What do you guys think?
